# Sentence Mining with Whisper
This is a program that uses OpenAI's transcription model
[Whisper](https://github.com/openai/whisper) to make sentence mining from the
command line a less laborious process. `whisper-sm` consists of two components:
the first that generates transcripts in your target language from videos you
want to watch; the second is to convert this transcript with your annotations
into Anki cuecards for review.

The aim of this project is to reduce the labour cost of creating cuecards so
that you may focus more on the content in your target language, rather than
inputting data into Anki. I wrote a blog post on an earlier version of this
project [here](https://afmck.in/posts/2023-06-26-sentence-mining/) where I delve
deeper into the project motivations.

A similar, but premium, project is [Migaku](https://www.migaku.io/). If you
prefer a browser-based workflow this may be a better choice.

### What is Sentence Mining?
Sentence mining is a language learning technique. It is the process of watching
content in your target language, identifying new vocabulary, and creating
cuecards from them for later review. Typically, the cuecards contain `n+1`
sentences, meaning you understand all but one of the words in the sentence.

Sentence mining is a powerful learning technique as you can practice listening
and reading in tandem, as well as acquire new vocabulary with content tailored
exactly to your interests.

The created cuecards typically contain the sentence, definitions, readings
(depending on the language), sentence audio, and sometimes images. Inputting all
this can be quite labourious, and can make it harder to practice consistently.
Tools such a this and help alleviate some manual work.

## Installation
`TODO: Installation Instructions`

## Usage
`TODO: Usage Instructions`

## Configuration
`TODO: Configuration Instructions`

---

### Roadmap
`TODO: Add roadmap`

### Contributing
`TODO: Add Contribution Instructions`

### References
`TODO: Add references to other projects that aided me`
